# AP Judge

A project judge for Quera to grade input/output tests.

## Usage for TAs

Put your input files in folder `test/in` and your outputs in `test/out`. File names must be like `input1.txt`
, `input2.txt` and `output1.txt`, `output2.txt`.

Then open `tester_config.json`. Change the score of `Test Project` to the number of tests you have. Then
add `judgeTest[i]` to `tests` array where `i` is the range of number of tests you have. For example if you have 4 tests,
the `test` array must look like this:

```json
[
  "judgeTest[0]",
  "judgeTest[1]",
  "judgeTest[2]",
  "judgeTest[3]"
]
```

Do the exact same thing with `tests` array in `Runtime Check` just like the example.

## What does results mean?

The test result looks like this:

```
Test finished successfully
score = 100000 / 100000
    Compile Project 0.0/0
        compileTest PASS
            test score ratio: 0.0/0
            test time: 0.688
    Test Project 2.0/2
        judgeTest[0] PASS
            test score ratio: 1.0/2
            test time: 0
        judgeTest[1] PASS
            test score ratio: 1.0/2
            test time: 0
    Runtime Check 0.0/0
        runtimeTest[0] PASS
            test score ratio: 0.0/0
            test time: 0.115
        runtimeTest[1] PASS
            test score ratio: 0.0/0
            test time: 0.115
```

There are 4 scenarios which may happen:

1. `compileTest FAIL`: This means that student codes could not compile. The reason of compile failure is at the very
   bottom of judge log for TAs. If this tests fails, all the other tests will fail too.
2. `judgeTest[i] FAIL` and `rumtimeTest[i] FAIL`: This means that you code will throw a runtime error at test `i`. TAs
   can search for `abnormal java exit code on test` at the Quera judge log to read the error stack trace generated by
   java.
3. `judgeTest[i] FAIL` but `rumtimeTest[i] PASS`: This is equivalent to wrong answer.
4. `judgeTest[i] PASS` and `rumtimeTest[i] PASS`: Your code has passed this test!

## Credits

* Hirbod Behnam
* Feraidoon Mehri
* Arshia Akhavan